[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-rescan.adoc

[id="compliance-rescan_{context}"]
= Performing a rescan

[role="_abstract"]

> You can re-run a scan on a defined schedule, like every Monday or daily. It can also be useful to re-run a scan once after fixing a problem on a node. To perform a single scan, annotate the scan with the `compliance.openshift.io/rescan=` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can re-run a scan on a defined schedule, such as every Monday or daily. It can also be useful to re-run a scan once after fixing a problem on a node. 

To perform a single scan, annotate the scan with the `compliance.openshift.io/rescan=` option.
```
